README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">littlefs2</h1>
<div align="center">
 <strong>
   Idiomatic Rust API for littlefs
 </strong>
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <!-- Crates version -->
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/littlefs2">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/littlefs2.svg?style=flat-square"
    alt="Crates.io version" />
  </a>
  <!-- API docs -->
  <a href="https://docs.rs/littlefs2">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-blue.svg?style=flat-square"
      alt="API docs" />
  </a>
  <!-- Continuous build -->
  <a href="https://github.com/trussed-dev/littlefs2/actions?query=branch%3Amain">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/trussed-dev/littlefs2/ci.yml?branch=main&style=for-the-badge"
      alt="CI" height="20"/>
  </a>
</div>

## What is this?

Idiomatic Rust API for the [littlefs][littlefs] microcontroller filesystem by [Chris Haster][geky].

Number `2` refers to the on-disk format version, [supporting inline files, custom attributes and dynamic wear-leveling][release-notes-2].

We follow [`std::fs`][std-fs] as much as reasonable.

The low-level bindings are provided by the [littlefs2-sys][littlefs2-sys] library.

Upstream release: [v2.2.1][upstream-release]

[geky]: https://github.com/geky
[littlefs]: https://github.com/littlefs-project/littlefs
[release-notes-2]: https://github.com/littlefs-project/littlefs/releases/tag/v2.0.0
[std-fs]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/fs/index.html
[littlefs2-sys]: https://lib.rs/littlefs2-sys
[upstream-release]: https://github.com/littlefs-project/littlefs/releases/tag/v2.2.1

## `no_std`

This library is `no_std` compatible, but there are two gotchas.

- The dev-dependency `memchr` of `littlefs2-sys` has its `std` features activated. To prevent this, upgrade to at least Rust 1.51
  and add `resolver = "2"` in the consuming code's `[package]` section. This will be the default in Rust 2021 edition.

- At link time, `lfs.c` has a dependency on `strcpy`. When not linking to a `libc` with this symbol, activate the `c-stubs` feature
  to provide an implementation.

#### License

<sup>littlefs is licensed under [BSD-3-Clause](https://github.com/littlefs-project/littlefs/blob/master/LICENSE.md).</sup>
<sup>This API for littlefs is licensed under either of [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE) or [MIT License](LICENSE-MIT) at your option.</sup>
<sup>Previous bindings exist in the [rust-littlefs](https://github.com/brandonedens/rust-littlefs) repository, also dual-licensed under Apache-2.0 and MIT.</sup>
<br>
<sub>Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.</sub>

Commit message:

Introduce littlefs2-core crate
To make it easier to maintain applications using littlefs2, this patch
introduces a littlefs2-core crate with the basic types and traits used
by littlefs2, but without a specific implementation.

Fixes: https://github.com/trussed-dev/littlefs2/issues/55

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">littlefs2</h1>
<div align="center">
 <strong>
   Idiomatic Rust API for littlefs
 </strong>
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <!-- Crates version -->
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/littlefs2">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/littlefs2.svg?style=flat-square"
    alt="Crates.io version" />
  </a>
  <!-- API docs -->
  <a href="https://docs.rs/littlefs2">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-blue.svg?style=flat-square"
      alt="API docs" />
  </a>
  <!-- Continuous build -->
  <a href="https://github.com/trussed-dev/littlefs2/actions?query=branch%3Amain">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/trussed-dev/littlefs2/ci.yml?branch=main&style=for-the-badge"
      alt="CI" height="20"/>
  </a>
</div>

## What is this?

Idiomatic Rust API for the [littlefs][littlefs] microcontroller filesystem by [Chris Haster][geky].

Number `2` refers to the on-disk format version, [supporting inline files, custom attributes and dynamic wear-leveling][release-notes-2].

We follow [`std::fs`][std-fs] as much as reasonable.

The low-level bindings are provided by the [littlefs2-sys][littlefs2-sys] library.

The core types that are independent of a specific implementation version are provided by the `littlefs2-core` crate, see the [`core`](./core) directory.  These types are re-exported from the `littlefs2` crate too.

Upstream release: [v2.2.1][upstream-release]

[geky]: https://github.com/geky
[littlefs]: https://github.com/littlefs-project/littlefs
[release-notes-2]: https://github.com/littlefs-project/littlefs/releases/tag/v2.0.0
[std-fs]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/fs/index.html
[littlefs2-sys]: https://lib.rs/littlefs2-sys
[upstream-release]: https://github.com/littlefs-project/littlefs/releases/tag/v2.2.1

## `no_std`

This library is `no_std` compatible, but there are two gotchas.

- The dev-dependency `memchr` of `littlefs2-sys` has its `std` features activated. To prevent this, upgrade to at least Rust 1.51
  and add `resolver = "2"` in the consuming code's `[package]` section. This will be the default in Rust 2021 edition.

- At link time, `lfs.c` has a dependency on `strcpy`. When not linking to a `libc` with this symbol, activate the `c-stubs` feature
  to provide an implementation.

#### License

<sup>littlefs is licensed under [BSD-3-Clause](https://github.com/littlefs-project/littlefs/blob/master/LICENSE.md).</sup>
<sup>This API for littlefs is licensed under either of [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE) or [MIT License](LICENSE-MIT) at your option.</sup>
<sup>Previous bindings exist in the [rust-littlefs](https://github.com/brandonedens/rust-littlefs) repository, also dual-licensed under Apache-2.0 and MIT.</sup>
<br>
<sub>Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.</sub>
